Senior Fullstack Software Engineer - São Paulo (Contract)- job post
First Help Financial
4.7
4.7 de 5 estrelas
São Paulo, SP•Modelo Híbrido
R$ 25.000 por ano
Taxa de resposta às inscrições de 75% ou mais nos últimos 30 dias, o que normalmente leva 1 dia.
First Help Financial
São Paulo, SP•Modelo Híbrido
R$ 25.000 por ano
Dados da vaga
Salário
R$ 25.000 por ano
&nbsp;
Localização
São Paulo, SP•Modelo Híbrido
&nbsp;
Descrição completa da vaga
First Help Financial (FHF) is a fast-growing and culturally diverse company in the U.S. We provide auto loans to the underserved and care for our customers and partners with exceptional service. Through flexible financing options and tri-lingual support, we offer consumers an easier way to finance their first car. We lend to and support our portfolio which has consistently grown 30%+ each year over the last nine years.

Here you will find hard-working colleagues who come from over 20 countries. We hold ourselves to the highest standards of professionalism but also enjoy our work. Our culture and benefits are geared towards making you successful in life and comfortable at work.

Your Title: Software Engineer

Your Location: Hybrid/Brazil HQ address - Nações Unidas 12901 - São Paulo - SP (required to go to the office two days a week)

You Report To: Engineering Manager

Your compensation: A starting salary of $25,000 BRL or more, depending upon experience

Learn more about our awesome Engineering team

About the Opportunity:

First Help Financial, recently voted as a "Great Place to Work" for the fifth year in a row is seeking a Software Engineer to join our highly skilled and innovative team. First Help Financial is embarking on a new growth phase involving multiple game-changing projects.

What you will do:


Your responsibilities include but are not limited to:

Design, develop, and maintain back-end applications using Java (Spring Boot), Python, AWS.
Deal with both serverless and server-based applications understanding what comes into account when using each one.
Build and manage RESTful APIs for seamless data exchange between front-end and back-end systems.
Design and optimize SQL/NoSQL databases (MongoDB, Redis, OracleDB preferred).
Implement and manage real-time data streaming using AWS Kinesis Data Streams (KDS).
Write clean, well-documented, and testable code to ensure high quality and maintainability.
Work independently with minimal supervision and collaborative, thriving in an ambiguous and fast-paced environment on a high performance team.
Stay up-to-date with modern technologies considering best practices like SOLID, Clean Code.
Be a team player.
What you bring:


Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or a related field required.
A minimum of 7+ years of technology development.
Strong proficiency in Java, Python or any JVM-based language.
Proficiency with front-end technologies such as HTML, CSS, Javascript and React is highly desirable.
Solid understanding of RESTful API design and development.
Experience with both SQL/NoSQL databases (MongoDB, Redis, OracleDB preferred).
Experience with AWS services (ex: EC2, S3, Lambda, API Gateway, SQS, RDS).
Experience with AWS Kinesis Data Streams (KDS).
Experience with testing tools like JUnit, unittest and mock tools like Mockito, MagicMock and so on.
Excellent problem-solving and debugging skill
FHF Benefits:

Great Perks – We offer generous salaries, social activities, monthly lunches, and a robust employee recognition and talent development program to enhance your career with us.
Culture - We are believers in maintaining a healthy work-life balance. While we work hard and care deeply about our customers and partners, we want you to have room for your family, friends, and yourself.
Growth - Company growth provides unprecedented career growth. FHF’s extraordinary year over year growth in revenue and new markets provides opportunity for you to establish and develop your career growth. We engage each employee to build a career plan that benefits everyone, and we have a proven record of investing in you.
Diversity and Inclusion

FHF is committed to building a culture that respects and embraces all walks of life, inclusive of all genders, race, culture, age, sexual orientation, and other identities. We will make accommodations when interviewing anyone with special needs.
